Add footnote on Macros in excel-file-types.md (#2781)
enkidevs/curriculum: spreadsheets/spreadsheets-intermediate/importing-data/excel-file-types.md

- .xltm
- .xltx

---

## Footnotes

[1:Macros]

> Macros are miny programs that do not require any code to make. Their goal is to automate repeatable tasks. You go to the Spreadsheet menu, select "Record Macro", and it will start recording your actions. From there, you can create different macros. For example, you can add a custom shortcut and name to each macro. Also, you can schedule macros to execute at specific times. 

Reviewer: hmm, maybe split these into two paragraphs?

```suggestion
Macros are mini-programs that do not require any code to make. Their goal is to automate repeatable tasks.

To create a macro, go to the Spreadsheet menu, select "Record Macro", and it will start recording your actions. From there, you can create different macros. You can even add a custom shortcut and name to each macro. Also, you can schedule macros to execute at specific times. 
```

> Here are just some things you can do with macros:
> - Applies different colors at the end of every month to your profit table to easily see the loss/growth of profit.
> - Create different formatting options (bold, italic, text color change, and so on)
> - Set up a macro to create a specific graph from the selected range of cells
> - and so on.

Reviewer: what you do think about this?

```suggestion
Here are some things you can do with macros:
- apply different colors at the end of every month to your profit table to easily see the changes in profit
- create different formatting options (bold, italic, text color change, and so on)
- create a specific graph from a selected range of cells
- and many others...
```
